<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
    <head>
        <title>Geography: Tang</title>
     <style>
      div {
      text-align: center;
      width: 500px;
  margin: 20px auto;
  -webkit-box-sizing: border-box;
     -moz-box-sizing: border-box;
          box-sizing: border-box;
      }
      h2 {
      font-size: 20px;
      line-height: 40px;
      }
      p {
      line-height: 20px;
      text-align: left;
      }
      hr {
    border-top: none;
    border-left: none;
    border-right: none;
    border-bottom: dotted;
    color: #002262;
    text-align: center;
    width: 100%;
}
     </style>
    </head>
    <body>
        <div>
         <h1>Studies on Geography in Tang Poetry</h1>
         <h2><a href="http://shi-waka.obdurodon.org/data/html/GEO-backg.xhtml">Court Officials and Provincial Officials</a></h2>
         <p>This study compares proportion of court officials and provincial officials on the level of prefecture. Prefectures with higher proportion of court officials are
         filled with red; those with higher proportion of provincial officials are filled with green. The study shows that the dominance of northerners in Tang court.</p>
         <hr/>
         <h2><a href="http://shi-waka.obdurodon.org/data/html/geo-libai.xhtml">Case: Li Bai (Poet)</a></h2>
         <p>This case compares places that Li Bai had been to and places that people mentioned in his poems had been to. It shows that Li Bai had strong connection with people that 
          lived in the same place with him.</p>
         <hr/>
         <h2><a href="http://shi-waka.obdurodon.org/data/html/geo-wangwei.xhtml">Case: Wang Wei (Court Official)</a></h2>
         <p>This case compares places that Wang Wei had been to and places that people mentioned in his poems had been to. It shows that Wang Wei had more connection with people that 
          didn't live in the same place with him.</p>
         <hr/>
         <h2><a href="http://shi-waka.obdurodon.org/data/html/geo-cgx.xhtml">Case: Chu Guangxi (Court Official)</a></h2>
         <p>This case compares places that Chu Guangxi had been to and places that people mentioned in his poems had been to. It shows that Chu Guangxi had more connection with people that 
          didn't live in the same place with him.</p>
     <hr/>
     <h2><a href="http://shi-waka.obdurodon.org/data/html/geo-lcq.xhtml">Case: Liu Changqing (Court Official)</a></h2>
     <p>This case compares places that Liu Changqing had been to and places that people mentioned in his poems had been to. It shows that Liu Changqing had more connection with people that 
      didn't live in the same place with him.</p>
            <hr/>
            <h2><a href="http://shi-waka.obdurodon.org/data/html/geo-mhr.xhtml">Case: Meng Haoran (Poet)</a></h2>
            <p>This case compares places that Meng Haoran had been to and places that people mentioned in his poems had been to. It shows that Meng Haoran had relatively strong connection with people that 
                lived in the same place with him.</p>
      </div>
        
    </body>
</html>